.TH SOLRBULK 1 "JANUAR 2015" "Leipzig University Library" "Manuals"
.SH NAME
.PP
solrbulk \- send documents to SOLR in bulk and in parallel
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCsolrbulk\fR [\fB\fC\-server\fR \fIURL\fP, \fB\fC\-size\fR \fIN\fP, \fB\fC\-w\fR \fIN\fP, \fB\fC\-commit\fR \fIN\fP, \fB\fC\-z\fR] \fIfile\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
solrbulk takes as input a newline delimited JSON file and indexes all documents
into SOLR running on a given server address. The documents are batched and
indexed in parallel to achieve a high indexing throughput.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC\-commit\fR \fIN\fP
Issue a commit every N documents.
.TP
\fB\fC\-cpuprofile\fR \fIfilename\fP
Write cpu profile to given filename.
.TP
\fB\fC\-memprofile\fR \fIfilename\fP
Write memory profile to given filename.
.TP
\fB\fC\-no\-final\-commit\fR
omit final commit
.TP
\fB\fC\-optimize\fR
Issue an optimize after final commit.
.TP
\fB\fC\-purge\fR
Remove documents from index before indexing (use purge\-query to selectively clean). No questions asked.
.TP
\fB\fC\-purge\-pause\fR \fIduration\fP
Insert a short pause after a purge query, defaults to 2s.
.TP
\fB\fC\-purge\-query\fR \fIquery\fP
Query to use, when purging (default "*:*").
.TP
\fB\fC\-server\fR \fIURL\fP
SOLR URL including host, port and core, like \[la]http://localhost:8983/solr/biblio\[ra]\&. To change the path of the update request handler, use \fB\fC\-update\-request\-handler\-name\fR flag.
.TP
\fB\fC\-size\fR \fIN\fP
Batch size.
.TP
\fB\fC\-update\-request\-handler\-name\fR \fIname\fP
Where solr.UpdateRequestHandler is mounted on the server, \[la]https://is.gd/s0eirv\[ra] (default "/update").
.TP
\fB\fC\-v\fR
Program version.
.TP
\fB\fC\-verbose\fR
Show progress.
.TP
\fB\fC\-w\fR \fIN\fP
Number of workers.
.TP
\fB\fC\-z\fR
Decompress gzip input file on the fly.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Index a file:
.IP
\fB\fCsolrbulk \-verbose \-server 110.81.131.200:8080/solr/biblio file.ldj\fR
.PP
Index from compressed standard input:
.IP
\fB\fCcat file.ldj.gz | solrbulk \-z \-server 110.81.131.200:8080/solr/biblio\fR
.PP
Index a file, but remove all docs from the index before indexing:
.IP
\fB\fCsolrbulk \-purge 110.81.131.200:8080/solr/biblio file.ldj\fR
.SH LIMITATIONS
.PP
If more than one worker is used for indexing, the order in which documents get
indexed does not need to equal the order in which they appear in originating
stream. In the best case, indexing order should not matter at all.
.SH PERFORMANCE
.PP
Real\-world performance data point: Indexing 150M 2K documents on a single
server with 8+ cores and ample RAM runs at sustained 5K docs/s.
.SH BUGS
.PP
Please report bugs to \[la]https://github.com/miku/solrbulk/issues\[ra]\&.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Martin Czygan \[la]martin.czygan@uni-leipzig.de\[ra]
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
FINC \[la]https://finc.info\[ra], AMSL \[la]http://amsl.technology/\[ra], esbulk \[la]https://github.com/miku/esbulk\[ra]
